feat: Add hint about renaming of circles to teams (#11585)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/app_publishing_maintenance/app_upgrade_guide/upgrade_to_29.rst

Front-end changes
-----------------

> * The Circles app will be renamed to Teams, meaning that any usage of the terms Circle/Circles need to get adjusted to Team/Teams for apps that make use of it, e.g. when sharing to a circle

Reviewer: Trying to break the long sentence into multiple: 
```suggestion
* The Circles app will be renamed to Teams. Apps that use the terms Circle/Circles need to get adjusted to use Team/Teams instead. For example ``share to circle`` would become ``share to team``.
```
